{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red39\green45\blue55;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c23529\c27843;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15180\viewh12940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Daniela \
\
Folders:\
\
pdf_arrests\
pdf_pistols\
pdf_telefon\
\
Arrests:\
\
I concentrated on \'84
\f1 \cf2 Bicycle Related Arrests\'93
\f0 \cf2  as the dataset promised to be interesting.\
\
Summary: It\'92s a request to the Chicago Police Department. The data is about the number of tickets issued to any bike related offences. \
\
Process: It took a while to turn the pdf-file via Tabular into a csv-file. In the end I knew why: I downloaded a file with more than 15.000 rows. \
The converting part didn\'92t seem to be so difficult. I started with Tabular and could successfully upload a csv-file into a notebook. \
Problem started later, when I tried to apply .mean on the column \'82Age\'92. Apart from the numbers there were some strings in the column. \
\
\
\
Pistols:\
\
Summary: The request is to Massachusetts Department of Criminal Justice Information Services, asking for information about public records on the number of licenses to carry guns. 
\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \
Process: I started to turn the pdf-file via pdfquery and worked on it via kull but wasn\'92t very successful. \
Then I turned the pdf-file into a xls-file and opened a notebook. Unfortunately the data is somewhat unstructured and badly formatted that I couldn\'92t continue. I really would like to know how to proceed in such a case.\
\
\
Phones:\
\
The request is in regards to mobile phone forensics tools such as devices made by the company Cellebrite. \
\
I started with this file and practiced to select some data via kull into a notebook. \
}